Updated CONFIGURATION section to capture settings options (#235)
validmind/documentation: README.md

![](site/about/ValidMind-logo-color.svg)

This is the home for the user-facing documentation and related infrastructure for ValidMind. If you want to make updates to our external docs site, you're in the right place.

## Contributing to the documentation

We believe in the power of collaboration and welcome contributions from the community. If you've noticed an issue or have ideas for improvement, please create a pull request or submit an issue. A member of ValidMind's documentation team will review your suggestions and support you in contributing to the docs. 

> - Follow the [Quickstart](https://docs.validmind.ai/guide/quickstart.html) for a 20 minute introduction to the Developer Framework and ValidMind Platform.

Author: These changes were made in another PR and just haven't been fully merged yet, my bad.

- For Windows operating systems, install the `make` command via [Cygwin](https://cygwin.com/install.html)

## How to contribute

> Our core docs are sourced in Quarto Markdown under [site/guide/](https://github.com/validmind/documentation/tree/main/site/guide). If you create new documentation, make sure to add it to the [_quarto.yml](https://github.com/validmind/documentation/blob/main/site/_quarto.yml) file.

Author: Hm, I had kind of did this deliberately — most of our "core" stuff to me is the how-to, not any of the quickstart, conceptual or developer framework references.

## How to contribute
> First, read through and familiarize yourself with our [ValidMind style guide](https://docs.validmind.ai/about/style-guide.html).

> - Our core docs are sourced in Quarto Markdown under [`site/guide`](https://github.com/validmind/documentation/tree/main/site/guide). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Our core user guides are sourced in Quarto Markdown under [`site/guide`](https://github.com/validmind/documentation/tree/main/site/guide). 
```

I know you mentioned that this path choice is deliberate but it's still confusing to me, as there are lots of other things I would consider 'core docs' that aren't in this path. For example, the getting-started topics to me qualify as core docs, as they enable you to start using our product. Can we settle on this compromise?
